Enhancement of Vega-Embed CSS for Improved Display and Flexibility (#2867)
altair-viz/altair: doc/releases/changes.rst

- Substantially improved error handling. Both in terms of finding the more relevant error (#2842), and in terms of improving the formatting and clarity of the error messages (#2824, #2568, #2979, #3009).
- Include experimental support for the DataFrame Interchange Protocol (through ``__dataframe__`` attribute). This requires ``pyarrow>=11.0.0`` (#2888).
- Support data type inference for columns with special characters (#2905).

> - Responsive width support using ``width="container"`` for all three html templates (#2867).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Responsive width support using ``width="container"`` when saving charts to html or displaying them with the default  `html` renderer (#2867).
```
Users are probably not familiar what the 3 html templates are used for so maybe this is clearer?
